kandinsky is a painter not capitals not
one of the great artists who
revolutionizes 20th century painting
we are going to try to get closer to
his life and his work if we have to talk
a bit of the biography of kandinsky
we will have to say that it is of origin
Russian was born in a nearby Chinese area in
the year 1866 although he received in other
Russian areas such as Moscow
Odessa had a great interest in painting
but it will not be until I see a
exhibition of impressionists in Moscow
when it finally decides for this
option surprised by some of the
works that could see there in the year 1895
they will spend the next years of their lives
in germany settled in Munich
mainly although the Russian revolution
I limped him in Moscow and with the Russian regime
will collaborate for a few years in
different educational projects for
then return to Germany where your
works were declared degenerate
and many of them destroyed by the
Nazi regime
he devoted himself to teaching and they say it was
very good teacher and also one of the
great theorists of painting some
of his writings are well known and
appreciated by the critics having full
currently valid for example his work
of the spiritual in art
often cited in many comments
contemporary art by its conception
about color and shapes in
works spent his last days in france
where he lived since 1939 and acquired
the French nationality and dying
there in the year 1944
about technique we can say that
when Kandinsky looked at a painting it was not
for him the most important objects
that appeared in the same but the
colors that were part of the painting and
the strength that they acquired in the work
So in his work there is a
evolution from the objectual realism in
very close to fascism in the
use of color to abstraction being
a watercolor of his dictated in the year 1912
in the first abstract work of all the
art history through art
abstract is produced according to the painter a
new era of splendor for painting
abstract art is a new language and
as such a candice that said he should
based mainly on color
offering a gradation that was
nice to the eyes his works little to
little are getting closer to the abstraction
geometric because it will be this kind of
forms that predominate in his paintings
combining dotted lines and the use of
color as if it were a composition
musical a hobby he had since
young since I often listened
music when he painted his paintings
in your pictures for example the yellow
it's a warm color in front of the blue that
has a more cold atmosphere though
it also represents calm clarity
is the white and on the other hand the black
represents darkness the white
allows and the black denies represents the
Eternal silence
the red is warm cheerful and exhausted
mixed with black produces brown
that preludes some tension while
if we mix it with yellow it produces us
a warm and pleasant color as is the
blue and yellow orange produce us
green a color that alludes to the calm